FTDs can't have inject, only affiliate manager or admin should have an option to inject a FTD by
manually filling the form

The current implementation allow inject button, add also inject in the orders's page(if the
affiliate manager or admin create an order he should be able to select an option to inject
leads(every lead except FTD is auto filled in the form by the script) or to select "auto inject"(the
same logic but the injection begins either now(bulk injection) or leads are injected from time to
time f.e from 10am to 12am(at random intervals(1 lead at 10:05, other at 11:43)). That doesn't
apply for FTD's, they are always manually filled by the affiliate manage or the admin. If the order
contains FTD's the program continue doing the injection for the other lead roles and when
finished, the affiliate manager or the admin is asked to skip ftd's and fill them later. The order
should contain that information(if the lead injection was successful or not, and if the affiliate
manager or the admin decides to skip the ftd's and fill them later or they are filled).

Admin should have an option to add client networks and client brokers and assign them to
specific affiliate manager. Affiliate manager sees these client networks and client brokers when
making orders. Affiliate manager doesn't have an option to add new client networks, only to
select them. He has an option to select a client broker or add a new one.

Leads should have a history of assigned client networks and client brokers. If one lead is already
assigned by affiliate manager or admin to client network he cannot be assigned to that specific
client network twice(if exists in one order, he can exist to another, but can't be assigned to the
same client network), but he can on another.

When making an order either by affiliate manager or admin, only the client network is specified.
The client broker is specified lately when the injection is over(the domain of the final link is taken
and assigned as client broker(manually by the affiliate manager or the admin)).

One lead can have many client networks and many client brokers(unique). One client network
can have many client brokers. At every injection the system checks if that lead is already
injected at that specific client broker). If is not - proceed with the injection, if it is - the affiliate
manager or the admin is asked to switch the lead or the system auto select). If lead is assigned
to all existing client brokers in the system, the status of the lead is something like “sleep” or “Not
available client brokers”, until in the system is added a new client broker, that the lead is not
assigned to.